.TH sdp.conf 5 "18 Mar 2014" "sdp.conf" "Supportconfig Analysis Manual"
.SH NAME
sdp.conf - Supportconfig Diagnostic Pattern configuration file
.SH DESCRIPTION
The \fBsdp.conf\fR file has default values for variables used by the pattern development applications.
.TP
SCA_WORK
The broker's working directory.
.RS
Default: /var/tmp/sca
.RE
.TP
DB_USER
The MySQL database user to use for all Broker Server database operations. The sdbroker user is included in the schema and created by default.
.RS
\fBWARNING:\fR Do not change this value.
.RE
.RS
Default: sdpuser
.RE
.TP
DB_PASS
The DB_USER password for the sdbroker MySQL database user. 
.RS
Run \fBsetup-sdp\fR to configure.
.RE
.TP
DB_NAME
The main MySQL database name for the SCA pattern development.
.RS
\fBWARNING:\fR Do not change this value.
.RE
.RS
Default: SCAPatterns
.RE
.TP
DB_CONNECT
MySQL connection information. Includes the DB_USER, DB_PASS and DB_NAME necessary to access the SCAPatterns database.
.PD
.SH AUTHOR
Jason Record <jrecord@suse.com>
.SH COPYRIGHT
This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation; version 2 of the License.
.PP
This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.
.PP
You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program; if not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR pat (8)
.BR sdpdb (8)
.BR setup-sdp (8)


