.TH setup-sdp 8 "30 Jun 2014" "setup-sdp" "Supportconfig Analysis Manual"
.SH NAME
setup-sdp - Supportconfig Diagnostic Pattern Setup Tool
.SH SYNOPSIS
setup-sdp -p <root_password> [OPTIONS]
.SH DESCRIPTION
Configures the MySQL custom Supportconfig Analysis (SCA) pattern database used by the SCA Appliance. For detailed installation instructions, see \fI/usr/share/doc/packages/scdiag/README\fR.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-h\fR
Show this help screen.
.TP
\fB\-c\fR \fIstring\fR
The company name used when pattern templates are generated.
.TP
\fB\-d\fR \fIstring\fR
The email domain name used when pattern templates are generated.
.TP
\fB\-p\fR \fIstring\fR
MySQL root password. The root password is needed to create the ServerDiagnostics database and its associated tables.
.TP
\fB\-b\fR \fIstring\fR
MySQL sdp password. The password to use for the sdp MySQL user. The sdp user is local and is used by \fBsdp\fR(1). The password is initially set based on the user schema file \fI/usr/share/doc/packages/scdiag/ServerDiagnostics_Users.sql\fR.
.TP
\fB\-s\fR \fIstring\fR
Path to schema files.
.TP
\fB\-y\fR
Confirms the deletion of a pre-existing database and users. This is useful in recreating the SCAPatterns database and users.
.PD
.SH AUTHOR
Jason Record <jrecord@suse.com>
.SH COPYRIGHT
This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation; version 2 of the License.
.PP
This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.
.PP
You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program; if not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR sdp.conf (5)

