# pod2html --infile=/opt/gitwork/sca-appliance-patdev/docs/pat.pod --outfile=/opt/gitwork/sca-appliance-patdev/websdp/help-sdp-pat.html --title="Pattern Tester"
# pod2man --center="Supportconfig Diagnostic Manual" --name="pat" --release="pat" --date="2014 Jan 03" /opt/gitwork/sca-appliance-patdev/docs/pat.pod /opt/gitwork/sca-appliance-patdev/man/pat.1

=head1 NAME

pat - Pattern Tester for Supportconfig Analysis Patterns

=head1 SYNOPSIS

pat pattern_filename [pattern options]

=head1 DESCRIPTION

A tool used to test and maintain SCA patterns. Generally you change to the directory where the pattern being tested resides. Run B<pat> followed by the pattern filename you are testing. B<pat> will test the pattern file contents as well as run the pattern against the archives extracted in the B</var/archives> directory. You can change the default B</var/archives> location by setting the B<ARCHDIR> environment variable. B<pat> will report the pattern's severity level for each of the archives tested. 

=head1 OPTIONS

-h for help is the only startup option B<pat> has. All other startup options are for the pattern file itself, and follow the pattern filename being tested.

=head1 ERRORS

Patterns will be rejected for check in if there are any fatal errors.

=over 5

=item Pattern execution error, pattern returned non-zero

Patterns should not return an exit status. Any non-zero exit status returned by B<pat> is assumed to be from the pattern. If you get a non-zero exit status when running B<pat>, you have a scripting or configuration error in your pattern.

=item Missing execute permission

Each pattern file should be marked executable so the shell and the SCA Appliance can run it. Run B<chmod 755 /path/to/pattern/file> to change the permissions.

=item Invalid pattern output string, review Pattern Requirements

The output string must follow the convention:

META_CLASS=<string>|META_CATEGORY=<string>|META_COMPONENT=<string>|PATTERN_ID=<pattern_filename>|PRIMARY_LINK=META_LINK_<TAG>|OVERALL=[0-5]|OVERALL_INFO=<message string>|META_LINK_<TAG>=<URL>[|META_LINK_<TAG>=<URL>]

The output string is case sensitive and order dependent.

=item Missing or invalid hash pling

Each pattern must have a valid hash pling on the first line of the file. There can be no space preceeding the hash and it must be on the first line. For example, B<#!/bin/python>.

=back

=head1 ENVIRONMENT

Set B<ARCHDIR> in your environment to overide the default archive directory. 
The B<ARCHDIR> directory should contain all of the extracted supportconfig 
tar balls you wish to test against.

The default B<ARCHDIR> location is B</var/archives>.

=head1 EXAMPLES

=over 5

=item Using the defaults

1. Copy and extract supportconfig archives with which you will test into /var/archives

2. pat net-check.py

3. All extracted archives in /var/archives will be used when testing your pattern

=item Temporarily use /var/log/nts_* directories to test

ARCHDIR=/var/log pat mpio-00001.pl

=item Use /tmp/nts_* directories to test for this login session

export ARCHDIR=/tmp

pat mpio-00001.pl

=item Use a specific supportconfig tar ball directory for this login session.

export ARCHDIR=/mnt/spr/nts_sles11_sp3_x86_64_default_any

pat net-00002.pl

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

Jason Record E<lt>jrecord@suse.comE<gt>

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (C) 2014 SUSE LLC

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation; version 2 of the License.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software
Foundation, Inc., 675 Mass Ave, Cambridge, MA 02139, USA.

=cut

